.TH "InotifyException" 3 "9 Dec 2009" "Version 0.7.3" "inotify-cxx" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
InotifyException \- Class for inotify exceptions.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <inotify-cxx.h>\fP
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBInotifyException\fP (const std::string &rMsg='', int iErr=0, void *pSrc=NULL)"
.br
.RI "\fIConstructor. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "const std::string & \fBGetMessage\fP () const "
.br
.RI "\fIReturns the exception message. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBGetErrorNumber\fP () const "
.br
.RI "\fIReturns the exception error number. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void * \fBGetSource\fP () const "
.br
.RI "\fIReturns the exception source. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "std::string \fBm_msg\fP"
.br
.RI "\fImessage \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBm_err\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIerror number \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void * \fBm_pSrc\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIsource \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Class for inotify exceptions. 

This class allows to acquire information about exceptional events. It makes easier to log or display error messages and to identify problematic code locations.
.PP
Although this class is basically thread-safe it is not intended to be shared between threads. 
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "InotifyException::InotifyException (const std::string & rMsg = \fC''\fP, int iErr = \fC0\fP, void * pSrc = \fCNULL\fP)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Constructor. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIrMsg\fP message 
.br
\fIiErr\fP error number (see errno.h) 
.br
\fIpSrc\fP source 
.RE
.PP

.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "int InotifyException::GetErrorNumber () const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Returns the exception error number. 
.PP
If not applicable this value is 0 (zero).
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
error number (standardized; see errno.h) 
.RE
.PP

.SS "const std::string& InotifyException::GetMessage () const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Returns the exception message. 
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
message 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void* InotifyException::GetSource () const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Returns the exception source. 
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
source 
.RE
.PP

.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "int \fBInotifyException::m_err\fP\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
error number 
.PP
.SS "std::string \fBInotifyException::m_msg\fP\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
message 
.PP
.SS "void* \fBInotifyException::m_pSrc\fP\fC [mutable, protected]\fP"
.PP
source 
.PP


.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for inotify-cxx from the source code.
